hey guys welcome back I am back we're
gonna do a little review here some hair
products that I picked up I'm very
excited to talk about these this is the
third go-around that I'm actually buying
these products and using them so you
know that I am invested and yes I did
say I bought them I spent my own coin on
this this is not sponsored
I'm truly sharing what my opinion is
about this product these products this
is the first time I'm trying anything
from the line design essentials and I'm
choosing to choosing I'm trying the
coconut and monoi deep moisture milk
souffle I actually learned about these
products from Tracy because you know
Tracy is amazing if you don't know who
Tracy is I don't know what rock you're
hiding under if you're a natural or even
just someone on your hair journey but
anyway she before like a little earlier
in her natural hair journey she used
these products and she talked about how
moisturizing they were and my hair is so
so so protein sensitive and I needed
just something that was purely
moisturizing and I'm so glad I picked
these up because I love them I'm gonna
go into the details of the products and
actually the only reason I was only
gonna go for the moisturizer the souffle
but one day I went to the store because
I was written out and I thought about
the moisturizer but I bought the deep
moisture mask and so I decided not to
return and I was like you know what let
me just go buy the moisturizer and try
out the mat so I'll make this a
two-for-one review let you guys know
what I really and truly feel about these
products now we'll start with the
moisturizing because that's really what
my main thing is and of course air
traffic
well since the air traffic decided to
interrupt if you're not following me on
Instagram snapchat I'm a nanny Josey on
all my platforms I've literally fallen
in love with snapchat lately like I feel
like it's a way for me to vlog without
putting in the effort of editing and all
that stuff like it's just like a quick
little follow me around or hear my
thoughts or here's this new product I'm
trying or these are the things that I'm
doing in my life so you can follow me
there if you'd like I'll put the links
below and they'll be at the end of the
video as well but anywho bringing it
back design essentials that start with
the souffle this says that it's a triple
dose of nourishing botanicals four
layers of hydration softness and shine
four dull dry thirsty hair now this also
says it has sunflower and shade and when
you look at the ingredients in the back
it says no parabens no petrolatum no
gluten no phthalates no DEA
no taa and it says it actually does have
coconut and you guys know coconut and
proteins um usually go hand-in-hand
however this particular product um my
hair is perfectly fine with however I'll
say like sandy how my bar look yummy
playing games here's the sneaky part
right design essentials thought that
they were sneaky by saying no petrolatum
but right here in these ingredient lists
I see
mineral oil so um what why I mean it's
not at the top of the list so if you're
an ingredient snob and mineral oil is
not one thing you would like to put on
your strands
just know that it's in here I personally
chose to go with it just because it's
winter I was like you know what I'll try
to not treat it like the devil I know
that it's something that completely
coats your strands however what I'm
doing is making sure that I moisturize
properly and that way this is going to
be a sealant and it's hopefully just
going to lock in moisture and that's
really what it is it has been doing so
because it's not so high up on the
spectrum it's in the middle I just have
not had any negative issues it's
actually really helped my hair but if
you do have issues with mineral oil
don't believe the hype this right here
it's just another name for it it's just
another form of Vaseline that you're
putting in your hair
mmm moving past that so that's like my
one con that ingredient list or at least
that one ingredient on the list and the
fact of the company says that there's no
petrolatum but then puts a derivative of
that and ingredientes mmm that's my con
but I'll show you guys the texture it
feels very very nice and soft and I can
honestly say when I use this particular
moisturizer my hair is in heaven
it is so moisturize and it keeps the
moisture in there for a long time so
what I can say is if you're looking for
something to keep your hair moisturized
in protective styles this is my number
one because it does not work at all for
styling because there's no hold your
hair will feel like butter okay
butter butter your hair will feel like
butter so someone like me I protective
style a lot but I do wash my hair very
often so I do lots of crochets I have my
hair braids I have my hair in cornrows
and
and wigs and all those things right so
my biggest struggle with the fact that
my hair was suffering a little bit was
because the moisturizing products I used
to put into my hair we're not sustaining
for the length of the entire time I had
the protective style with this product
when I wash my hair do the loc method
after a few conditions and all that
stuff I use this at the end and my hair
literally when I take down my braids
after a week or two my hair is still
moisturized so I really really love it
for that this is getting a huge thumbs
up for me again you know about the
ingredients and then with the mask what
I usually do with this right cuz this is
a deep conditioner and I D conditioned
my hair now every single time I put
water on it every single time does it
matter if I'm just rinsing it out for a
workout and co-washing I still cap it
off with my deep conditioner which is
this I don't use a lot because I use
this as kind of like the cherry on top I
will say it's amazing slip this
particular line is awesome
I definitely love it this one doesn't
have no oil but you know you're washing
it off so it's not that bad it also
boasts dull dry thirsty hair they were
both $13.99 that could be seen as a con
cuz you know natural hair products y'all
be tryin it y'all be tryin it like I
know it's worth it for the health of
your hair but people's pockets you know
they be struggling right so when I use
these products I make sure that I use I
don't over saturate I don't overdo it so
that can save and so that I can you know
I don't you don't need to over coat your
strands with everything that I do with
my cheaper conditioners but this one I
just do it at the very end after my
final rinse I'll just put a little bit
on my hair work it through let it sit
there and then rinse it off and it feels
amazing so thumbs up for both of these
products I really do love them you
going to be staples the only time I see
myself changing from these products
permanently is when I actually start
wearing my hair out and when I actually
need some definition or what I want to
do braid out or twist out and I want to
do some sort of style that's when I
won't use these because they really have
absolutely no hold don't even try it if
you're going to be doing braid outs into
ourselves because it's just that can
happen especially if you have anywhere
on the floor
spectrum when it comes to hair type this
ain't for you when it comes to styling
but I hope that was helpful in case
you're wondering what I've been using in
my hair but that's it thank you so much
for watching don't forget to check out
the rest of my videos I'll link them
below and put them after the you know
thing you know what I'm talking about I
hope you guys stay well thank you for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video